#1294 | adding section documenting ssh security group (#11)
CESNET/eInfra-docs: topics/compute/openstack/docs/technical-reference/ostrava-site/networking.md

Currently in Ostrava site you can use following floating IP networks:
 - `provider-ipv4-general-public` (195.113.243.0/24)

## Security groups

> Apart from the `default` [security group](../../../docs/additional-information/security-groups.md), every personal project in OpenStack cloud is associated with security group `ssh`. Rules of the `ssh` groups enables access to other VMS via SSH protocol.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from the `default` [security group](../../../docs/additional-information/security-groups.md), every project in OpenStack cloud contains also pre-generated security group `ssh`. Rules of the `ssh` groups enables access to virtual servers via SSH protocol.
```
